docs/content/references/config/index.md, before:

# Configuration

HedgeDoc can be configured via environment variables either directly or via an `.env` file.

## The `.env` file

The `.env` file should be in the root directory of the HedgeDoc application and
contains key-value pairs of environment variables and their corresponding value.
In the official Docker container this is `/usr/src/app/.env`
This can for example look like this:

<!-- markdownlint-disable proper-names -->
```ini
HD_BASE_URL="http://localhost:8080"
HD_SESSION_SECRET="change_me_in_production"
HD_DATABASE_TYPE="sqlite"
HD_DATABASE_NAME="./hedgedoc.sqlite"
HD_MEDIA_BACKEND="filesystem"
HD_MEDIA_BACKEND_FILESYSTEM_UPLOAD_PATH="uploads/"
```
<!-- markdownlint-enable proper-names -->

We also provide an `.env.example` file containing a minimal configuration
in the root of the project. This should help you to write your own configuration.

!!! warning  
    The minimal configuration provided in `.env.example` is exactly that: minimal.  
    It will let you start HedgeDoc for local development,
    but it is **not** meant to be used in production without prior changes.

Commit message:

Add documentation for Docker secrets configuration
This commit adds documentation on how to configure HedgeDoc using Docker secrets, addressing issue #3378. It includes a detailed guide on available secret names, setup instructions for Docker Compose and Docker Swarm, and references to the Docker secrets feature in the main configuration documentation.

Fixes hedgedoc/hedgedoc#3378

docs/content/references/config/index.md, after:

# Configuration

HedgeDoc can be configured via environment variables either directly or via an `.env` file. For Docker deployments, you can also use Docker secrets for sensitive configuration values.

## The `.env` file

The `.env` file should be in the root directory of the HedgeDoc application and
contains key-value pairs of environment variables and their corresponding value.
In the official Docker container this is `/usr/src/app/.env`
This can for example look like this:

<!-- markdownlint-disable proper-names -->
```ini
HD_BASE_URL="http://localhost:8080"
HD_SESSION_SECRET="change_me_in_production"
HD_DATABASE_TYPE="sqlite"
HD_DATABASE_NAME="./hedgedoc.sqlite"
HD_MEDIA_BACKEND="filesystem"
HD_MEDIA_BACKEND_FILESYSTEM_UPLOAD_PATH="uploads/"
```
<!-- markdownlint-enable proper-names -->

We also provide an `.env.example` file containing a minimal configuration
in the root of the project. This should help you to write your own configuration.

!!! warning  
    The minimal configuration provided in `.env.example` is exactly that: minimal.  
    It will let you start HedgeDoc for local development,
    but it is **not** meant to be used in production without prior changes.

## Docker Secrets

When running HedgeDoc in Docker, you can use Docker secrets to securely store sensitive configuration values like database credentials, API keys, and session secrets. HedgeDoc automatically checks for secrets in the standard Docker secrets location (`/run/secrets/`).

For detailed information on using Docker secrets with HedgeDoc, see the [Docker Secrets guide](/how-to/docker-secrets/).
