README.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 The HedgeDoc developers (see AUTHORS file)

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
-->

![HedgeDoc Logo](docs/content/images/hedgedoc_logo_black.svg)

[![#HedgeDoc on matrix.org][matrix.org-image]][matrix.org-url]
[![version][github-version-badge]][github-release-page]
[![POEditor][poeditor-image]][poeditor-url]
[![Mastodon][social-mastodon-image]][social-mastodon]
![REUSE Compliance Check][reuse-workflow-badge]
![Nest.JS CI][nestjs-workflow-badge]
[![codecov][codecov-badge]][codecov-url]

HedgeDoc lets you create real-time collaborative markdown notes. 

## Getting Started
- ℹ️ Read all about HedgeDoc and the history of the project on [our website](https://hedgedoc.org)
- 🧪 Try out HedgeDoc with the [demo instance][hedgedoc-demo]. Check out the [features page][hedgedoc-demo-features]!
- 💽 Install HedgeDoc yourself using the [install guide](https://docs.hedgedoc.org/setup/getting-started/)
- ❓ Questions? Join our [Matrix chat][matrix.org-url] or the [community forums][hedgedoc-community]
- 💬 Stay up to date by subscribing to the [release feed][github-release-feed]


## State of the project
HedgeDoc 1.x is stable and used around the world, but the codebase has [grown over time](https://hedgedoc.org/history/),
making it hard to add new features.  
We are currently working on HedgeDoc 2, a complete rewrite of HedgeDoc. Please note the following:

- This branch contains the latest development code and does not implement all features yet.
  **If you are looking for the 1.x source code, have a look at the [master branch](https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/tree/master).**
- The 1.x release is maintenance-only. We do not accept feature requests or PRs for this release anymore and may choose
  to close non-critical bug reports, if the bug will be non-existent in 2.0.
- HedgeDoc 2 will be split in two components. The backend and the frontend. Both are present in this repository.

## Development
Information for setting up a local development environment can be found in the [developer documentation](https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/how-to/develop/setup/)

## HedgeDoc 2 Alpha
Curious about the new look and feel of HedgeDoc 2? We provide a demo of the alpha on [hedgedoc.dev](https://hedgedoc.dev).

If you want to try it out on your own devices, visit the [HedgeDoc 2 docs](https://docs.hedgedoc.dev).
But be aware that these may change over time.

## Contributions

We welcome contributions!  
Have a look at our [contribution docs](CONTRIBUTING.md) to find out how you can help. If you want to contribute to
HedgeDoc 2, please join our [development chat][matrix.org-dev-url].

# License

Licensed under AGPLv3. For our list of contributors, see [AUTHORS](AUTHORS).

The license does not include the HedgeDoc logo, whose terms of usage can be found in
the [github repository](https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc-logo).

[matrix.org-image]: https://img.shields.io/matrix/hedgedoc:matrix.org?logo=matrix&server_fqdn=matrix.org

[matrix.org-url]: https://chat.hedgedoc.org

[matrix.org-dev-url]: https://chat.hedgedoc.org/dev

[github-version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/hedgedoc/hedgedoc.svg

[github-release-page]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/releases

[github-release-feed]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/releases.atom

[github-issue-tracker]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/issues/

[poeditor-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/POEditor-translate-blue.svg

[poeditor-url]: https://poeditor.com/join/project/1OpGjF2Jir

[hedgedoc-demo]: https://hedgedoc.org/demo/

[hedgedoc-demo-features]: https://demo.hedgedoc.org/features

[hedgedoc-community]: https://community.hedgedoc.org

[hedgedoc-community-calls]: https://community.hedgedoc.org/t/codimd-community-call/19

[social-mastodon]: https://social.hedgedoc.org/mastodon

[social-mastodon-image]: https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/109259563190314667?domain=https%3A%2F%2Ffosstodon.org&style=social

[reuse-workflow-badge]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/workflows/REUSE%20Compliance%20Check/badge.svg

[nestjs-workflow-badge]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/workflows/Nest.JS%20CI/badge.svg

[codecov-badge]: https://codecov.io/gh/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg?token=pdaRF4qjNQ

[codecov-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/hedgedoc/hedgedoc

Commit message:

feat: Added Elestio as one-click deploy option
Signed-off-by: Kaiwalya Koparkar <kaiwalyakoparkar@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 The HedgeDoc developers (see AUTHORS file)

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
-->

![HedgeDoc Logo](docs/content/images/hedgedoc_logo_black.svg)

[![#HedgeDoc on matrix.org][matrix.org-image]][matrix.org-url]
[![version][github-version-badge]][github-release-page]
[![POEditor][poeditor-image]][poeditor-url]
[![Mastodon][social-mastodon-image]][social-mastodon]
![REUSE Compliance Check][reuse-workflow-badge]
![Nest.JS CI][nestjs-workflow-badge]
[![codecov][codecov-badge]][codecov-url]

HedgeDoc lets you create real-time collaborative markdown notes. 

## Getting Started
- ℹ️ Read all about HedgeDoc and the history of the project on [our website](https://hedgedoc.org)
- 🧪 Try out HedgeDoc with the [demo instance][hedgedoc-demo]. Check out the [features page][hedgedoc-demo-features]!
- 💽 Install HedgeDoc yourself using the [install guide](https://docs.hedgedoc.org/setup/getting-started/)
- ❓ Questions? Join our [Matrix chat][matrix.org-url] or the [community forums][hedgedoc-community]
- 💬 Stay up to date by subscribing to the [release feed][github-release-feed]


## State of the project
HedgeDoc 1.x is stable and used around the world, but the codebase has [grown over time](https://hedgedoc.org/history/),
making it hard to add new features.  
We are currently working on HedgeDoc 2, a complete rewrite of HedgeDoc. Please note the following:

- This branch contains the latest development code and does not implement all features yet.
  **If you are looking for the 1.x source code, have a look at the [master branch](https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/tree/master).**
- The 1.x release is maintenance-only. We do not accept feature requests or PRs for this release anymore and may choose
  to close non-critical bug reports, if the bug will be non-existent in 2.0.
- HedgeDoc 2 will be split in two components. The backend and the frontend. Both are present in this repository.

## Development
Information for setting up a local development environment can be found in the [developer documentation](https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/how-to/develop/setup/)

## HedgeDoc 2 Alpha
Curious about the new look and feel of HedgeDoc 2? We provide a demo of the alpha on [hedgedoc.dev](https://hedgedoc.dev).

If you want to try it out on your own devices, visit the [HedgeDoc 2 docs](https://docs.hedgedoc.dev).
But be aware that these may change over time.

## Self-Hosting

### Elestio

You can deploy HedgeDoc on Elestio using one-click deployment. Elestio takes care of version updates, maintenance, security, backups, etc. Additionally, Elestio supports HedgeDoc by providing revenue share so go ahead and click below to deploy and start using.

[![Deploy on Elestio](https://elest.io/images/logos/deploy-to-elestio-btn.png)](https://elest.io/open-source/hedgedoc)

## Contributions

We welcome contributions!  
Have a look at our [contribution docs](CONTRIBUTING.md) to find out how you can help. If you want to contribute to
HedgeDoc 2, please join our [development chat][matrix.org-dev-url].

# License

Licensed under AGPLv3. For our list of contributors, see [AUTHORS](AUTHORS).

The license does not include the HedgeDoc logo, whose terms of usage can be found in
the [github repository](https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc-logo).

[matrix.org-image]: https://img.shields.io/matrix/hedgedoc:matrix.org?logo=matrix&server_fqdn=matrix.org

[matrix.org-url]: https://chat.hedgedoc.org

[matrix.org-dev-url]: https://chat.hedgedoc.org/dev

[github-version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/hedgedoc/hedgedoc.svg

[github-release-page]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/releases

[github-release-feed]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/releases.atom

[github-issue-tracker]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/issues/

[poeditor-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/POEditor-translate-blue.svg

[poeditor-url]: https://poeditor.com/join/project/1OpGjF2Jir

[hedgedoc-demo]: https://hedgedoc.org/demo/

[hedgedoc-demo-features]: https://demo.hedgedoc.org/features

[hedgedoc-community]: https://community.hedgedoc.org

[hedgedoc-community-calls]: https://community.hedgedoc.org/t/codimd-community-call/19

[social-mastodon]: https://social.hedgedoc.org/mastodon

[social-mastodon-image]: https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/109259563190314667?domain=https%3A%2F%2Ffosstodon.org&style=social

[reuse-workflow-badge]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/workflows/REUSE%20Compliance%20Check/badge.svg

[nestjs-workflow-badge]: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/workflows/Nest.JS%20CI/badge.svg

[codecov-badge]: https://codecov.io/gh/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg?token=pdaRF4qjNQ

[codecov-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/hedgedoc/hedgedoc
